


HANOI - Multithreaded Sample (Towers of Hanoi) 


DESCRIPTION:

HANOI implements the familiar "towers of Hanoi" puzzle.  When the sample
program is started, the user sees three poles (A, B, and C).  Initially,
pole A has on it a stack of disks starting with the largest disks
on the bottom and succeeding smaller disks on the top.  The main thread
handles the Presentation Manager interface and lets the user start or
stop the Hanoi routine.  It also lets the user reset the number of
working disks.  The second thread is created when START is selected
from the Options menu.  This thread starts the recursive execution
of the Hanoi algorithm, runs in the background, and moves and
paints the disks.  All disks end up on pole C.

TASK:
Solve the Towers of Hanoi problem using multithreading.

CONCEPT/FEATURE:
This sample application was written to demonstrate the use of a multi-
threaded program.  The main thread handles the PM interface,
the second thread is started to do the recursive execution
of the hanoi algorithm.

SAMPLE LOCATION:
Inside the OS/2 Sample Programs (which is inside the VisualAge C++ 
Samples folder).

Note:This sample is not provided in project form.

SOURCE FILE LOCATION:

X:\ibmcpp\samples\toolkit\os2\hanoi
where X: is the drive you installed the samples and document component
of VisualAge C++ for OS/2.


HOW TO RUN THE SAMPLE:

-From your OS/2 desktop:
 Double-click on the sample's icon.

-From an OS/2 command prompt:
  To start a non-WorkPlace Shell sample program from an OS/2 command
  prompt, type the name of the executable file and press Enter.  If you
  have edited source code of a sample program and want to recompile,link,
  and run the files, use the NMAKE tool.  Your output is the executable
  file.  For information about the NMAKE utility, see the OS/2 Tools
  Reference.


SOFTWARE/HARDWARE PREREQUISITES:

- IBM VisualAge C++
- OS/2 Warp
- IBM or compatible 386 and up.

REQUIRED FILES      DESCRIPTIONS  

  hanoi.c           The main() file
  hanoi.def         Link definitions file
  hanoi.dlg         Dialog resource file
  hanoi.exe         The executable
  hanoi.h
  hanoi.hlp         Help file
  hanoi.ico
  hanoi.ipf
  hanoi.mak         MakeMake generated makefile
  hanoi.rc
  readme            This file



