

PRINT - Printer


DESCRIPTION:

 This program demonstrates how to display and print ascii
 text, metafiles and bitmaps.  It also shows how to use
 the standard file dialog and the standard font dialog,
 how to display and change printer properties and how to
 display and select printer queues.

TASK:

 Display and print text, metafiles, and bitmaps.

CONCEPT/FEATURE:

 Demonstrates how to:
 - Query and display a system printer configuration
 - Interact with the printer drivers to change job properties
 - Query and display available printer and screen fonts
 - Print from an asynchronous thread


SAMPLE LOCATION:

 Inside the PM Sample Programs folder (which is inside the VisualAge C++ 
 Samples folder).

 Note: This sample is not provided in project form.

SOURCE FILE LOCATION:

 X:\ibmcpp\samples\toolkit\pm\print

 where X: is the drive you installed the samples and document component
 of VisualAge C++ for OS/2.


HOW TO RUN THE SAMPLE:

-From your OS/2 desktop:
 Double-click on the sample's icon.

-From an OS/2 command prompt:
 To start a non-WorkPlace Shell sample program from an OS/2 command
 prompt, type the name of the executable file and press Enter.  If you
 have edited source code of a sample program and want to recompile,link,
 and run the files, use the NMAKE tool. Your output is the executable
 file.  For information about the NMAKE utility, see the
 OS/2 Tools Reference.


SOFTWARE/HARDWARE PREREQUISITES:

- IBM VisualAge C++
- OS/2 Warp
- IBM or compatible 386 and up.


REQUIRED FILES     DESCRIPTIONS

  pmassert.h        assert that display debug info in a message box
  prtcreat.c        Initialization functions
  prtmenu.c         routines to respond to menu selections
  prtobj.c          Object Window procedure
  prtpage.c         Routines to  display page setup dialog
  prtprint.c        Routine to allow selection of print queues
  prtprof.c         Save and restore settings in a *.ini file
  prtsamp.bmp
  prtsamp.c         Main() entry point
  prtsamp.dlg
  prtsamp.exe
  prtsamp.h
  prtsamp.hlp       Help resource file
  prtsamp.ico
  prtsamp.ipf
  prtsamp.mak
  prtsamp.met
  prtsamp.rc
  prtsamp.txt
  prtsdlg.h
  prtshlp.h
  readme            This file


