

DRAGDRP - Direct Manipulation


DESCRIPTION:
DRAGDROP demonstrates how to move files between directories with the
dragging techniques of direct manipulation.  This sample program creates
a list box that contains a scrollable list of the current directory.

To change the current directory, select the WINDOW option and enter
the new directory name and press Enter.  The sample program must be
started twice so there are two running instances of the sample.  Then,
using a mouse, the user:

- Changes the directory file list in the first sample.
- Selects a file name from the second sample.
- Drags the file name (with mouse button 2) to the directory in
  the first sample.
- Drops the file name on the directory in the first sample.

The file is now moved to the chosen directory of the first sample.

TASK:
Provide direct manipulation between listboxes

CONCEPT/FEATURE:
Sample program to illustrate Direct Manipulation

SAMPLE LOCATION:
Inside the PM Sample Programs folder (which is inside the VisualAge C++ 
Samples folder).

Note:This sample is not provided in project form.

SOURCE FILE LOCATION:

X:\ibmcpp\samples\toolkit\pm\dragdrop
where X: is the drive you installed the samples and document component
of VisualAge C++ for OS/2.


HOW TO RUN THE SAMPLE:

-From your OS/2 desktop:
 Double-click on the sample's icon.

-From an OS/2 command prompt:
To start a non-WorkPlace Shell sample program from an OS/2 command
prompt, type the name of the executable file and press Enter.  If you
have edited source code of a sample program and want to recompile,link,
and run the files, use the NMAKE tool. Your output is the executable
file.  For information about the NMAKE utility, see the
OS/2 Tools Reference.


SOFTWARE/HARDWARE PREREQUISITES:

- IBM VisualAge C++
- OS/2 Warp
- IBM or compatible 386 and up.

REQUIRED FILES      DESCRIPTIONS

  dragdlg.ipf       Help resource file
  dragdrag.c        Direct Manipuation support routines
  dragdrop.c        Main() entry point, initial window creation routines
  dragdrop.def
  dragdrop.dlg      Dialog resources
  dragdrop.exe      Sample Executable
  dragdrop.h
  dragdrop.hlp
  dragdrop.ico
  dragdrop.ipf      Help resource file
  dragdrop.mak      MakeMake generated makefile
  dragdrop.ptr      Resource to change the mouse pointer
  dragdrop.rc
  dragfile.ipf
  dragheap.c        Heap memory support routines
  draghelp.c        Help manager interface routines
  draghelp.h
  draghelp.ipf
  draghelp.rc
  dragmenu.ipf
  dragwnd.ipf
  readme            This file

